feat: dynamic prefabs sample (#63)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.samples.bitesize: Basic/DyanmicPrefabs/README.md

> # Dynamic Prefabs

Reviewer: Will this be updated in a followup PR?
I remember we discussed the various pros and cons for each techniques, I'd expect them listed at least here if not in code comments.
Things like "spawning with NetworkShow prevents a single client from blocking other clients, but creates different world versions for each clients. If a boss appears, you wouldn't want to use this technique as you would want to wait for everyone to load the assets before having a game changer element like a boss"
Same with other techniques.

Reviewer 2: @jilfranco-unity has this mocked up for a follow up PR. I'll add more comments to that as well.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, so this will go inside of this [PR](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.samples.bitesize/pull/93).

Reviewer: ok, let me know when you're done there, I'll review

> This sample showcases the available use-cases for the dynamic prefab system, which allows us to add new spawnable prefabs in runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key for dynamic prefabs and NGO working together is NGO will always assume a prefab is loaded at spawn time. Make sure clients have that ressource loaded before spawning.
This sample showcases the different techniques to ensure your game follows that requirement. This allows us to add new spawnable prefabs at runtime, before or after a connection is established.
```

## Sample feature

Dynamic prefabs feature allows the developer to add a new prefab to the network prefab list in runtime.

> For simplicity, this sample uses Addressables to load the dynamic prefab, however any GameObject with a NetworkObject component can be used, regardless of it's source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity, this sample uses Addressables to load the dynamic prefab, however any GameObject with a NetworkObject component can be used, regardless of it's source (think User Generated Content (UGC)).
```

  networking, and the server and all connected clients must all have the same exact set of prefabs
  added via this method before connecting
- Adding a prefab on the server does not automatically add it on the client - it's up to you
  to make sure the client and server are synchronized via whatever method makes sense for your game
  (RPCs, configs, deterministic loading, etc)
- If the server sends a Spawn message to a client that has not yet added a prefab for, the spawn message
  and any other relevant messages will be held for a configurable time (default 1 second, configured via
  NetworkConfig.SpawnTimeout) before an error is logged. This is intented to enable the SDK to gracefully
  handle unexpected conditions (slow disks, slow network, etc) that slow down asset loading. This timeout
  should not be relied on and code shouldn't be written around it - your code should be written so that
  the asset is expected to be loaded before it's needed.
- Currently it's impossible to latejoin for clients after a dynamic prefab has been spawned by the server. The reason for this is that the initial sync doesn't allow us any time to load prefabs that are yet absent on the client.

> Based on these limitations the following use cases are covered in the sample:

Reviewer: @fernando-cortez this will need to be updated with the 3 techniques + scene loading chapters

Author: I've updated it 👍
